README.md, before:

# 常用机器学习算法原型代码 

Prototype coding for common Machine Learning algorithms with Python 3. 

This repository is created for personal practice purpose. I'll bring more mathematical brief behind the algorithms.

## Finished
### ml_cf_svd.py 
- Collaborate Filtering (for explicit scores)
- SVD approach for recommending, optimized with gradient descent (for explicit scores)
- SVD approach for recommending, optimized with ALS (for implicit scores)

### ml_decesion_trees.py
All-in-one training, testing and plot functions for the 3 common DTS algorithms:
- ID3
- C45
- CART

Missing values in both training and testing dataset will be handled automotically (broadcasting into all sub-branches to get weight results).

### ml_logistic_regression.py
- basic logistic regression, optimized with CVX
- L1 & L2 penalized logistic regression, optimized with CVX

### ml_svm.py
SVM optimized with CVX for 3 kinds of kernels:
- linear kernel
- gaussian kernel
- polynomial kernel

## To-Do 
### ml_ann.py
Neurual Network optimized with gradient descent based on Andrew Ng's course.

### ml_random_forrest.py
Random Forrest based on ml_decision_trees.py

### ml_boosting.py
Boosting for regression and classification (adaboost)

### ml_cf_svd_plus.py
Re-arrange ml_cf_svd.py, store CF and SVD methods separately.

Commit message:

replaced word optimized with solved

README.md, after:

# 常用机器学习算法原型代码 

Prototype coding for common Machine Learning algorithms with Python 3. 

This repository is created for personal practice purpose. I'll bring more mathematical brief behind the algorithms.

## Finished
### ml_cf_svd.py 
- Collaborate Filtering (for explicit scores)
- SVD approach for recommending, solved with gradient descent (for explicit scores)
- SVD approach for recommending, solved with ALS (for implicit scores)

### ml_decesion_trees.py
All-in-one training, testing and plot functions for the 3 common DTS algorithms:
- ID3
- C45
- CART

Missing values in both training and testing dataset will be handled automotically (broadcasting into all sub-branches to get weight results).

### ml_logistic_regression.py
- basic logistic regression, solved with CVX
- L1 & L2 penalized logistic regression, solved with CVX

### ml_svm.py
SVM solved with CVX for 3 kinds of kernels:
- linear kernel
- gaussian kernel
- polynomial kernel

## To-Do 
### ml_ann.py
Neurual Network solved with gradient descent based on Andrew Ng's course.

### ml_random_forrest.py
Random Forrest based on ml_decision_trees.py

### ml_boosting.py
Boosting for regression and classification (adaboost)

### ml_cf_svd_plus.py
Re-arrange ml_cf_svd.py, store CF and SVD methods separately.
